Hi {{ new_member }},

I hope you had a good time at your first LNL meeting or event! I want to let you know about a few helpful resources available to you as you begin your journey with us.

You can find some basic information for new members at https://lnl.wpi.edu/join. Additionally, our upcoming event calendar can be found at http://when2lnl.com. This has the setup times and locations for each of our events. You can add this calendar to your favorite calendar app, such as Outlook or Google Calendar, by pressing the "Subscribe" button at the top of the page.

Our mailing lists and our Slack workspace are our primary means of communication. You can join our Slack workspace by visiting https://join.slack.com/t/wpilnl/signup. You will be added to our mailing list around the time you are receiving this email. Before each event you will usually get an email from the person in charge of setup (the crew chief) with more details about the when, where, and what of setup for that event. Feel free to show up to any event to help.

While most of the tasks you might perform in LNL don’t require training, there are a few that do. If you ever have questions about whether or not you need training to do something, don’t be afraid to ask!

You can access our member website and database by visiting https://lnl.wpi.edu/db. This website serves as your home base for everything LNL related and is where you will find event details and meeting information. It takes 3 meetings and 5 events to become an active member, and once that happens you can serve as the crew chief for an event - if you want to. The 5 events must include one from each of our service categories: sound, lighting and projection.

Our general body meetings are Wednesdays at 5 PM in AK233 and our Executive Board meetings are Mondays at 5 PM in the CC Chair's room of the Campus Center. Attending either of these meetings counts towards the activation requirements.

We often refer to the following locations in work announcements:
- Alden Sub(basement): Take the elevator in Alden down to the "SB" floor. We keep all our lighting equipment down there.
- CC Office: On the third floor of the CC, if you walk all the way towards the elevator it is on your right. Our sound equipment is in there.
- The Projection Booth: In Fuller Labs near the Upper Perreault Hall door. This is where our projectors live.

If you have any other questions about anything, please email the Secretary at lnl-s@wpi.edu!

We hope to see you soon!

Secretary
WPI Lens and Lights
